= Anthony Bouch's Dot Files 

Based on Ryan Bates' excellent Dot Files repository.
The included rake file and setup runs fine on Linux as well.

== Installation

  git clone git://github.com/58bits/dotfiles ~/.dotfiles
  git submodule init
  git submodule update
  cd ~/.dotfiles
  rake install

  (From Ryan's original repo)
  git clone git://github.com/ryanb/dotfiles ~/.dotfiles

== Environment

Ryan was running on Mac OS X and using zsh, whereas this repo has been created on both 
Mac OS X and Ubuntu under bash.

See the basrc_sample script - which can be copied to your own .bashrc file. 
https://github.com/58bits/dotfiles/blob/master/bashrc_sample

== Features

See Ryan's original feature notes at http://github.com/ryanb/dotfiles

Nice PS1 prompt from Wayne E. Seguin (http://beginrescueend.com/ of RVM fame) 
which can be found in the contrib section of RVM.
https://github.com/wayneeseguin/rvm/blob/master/contrib/ps1_functions
A copy of the function is also in the bash/functions directory - so that 
it can be sourced before RVM is installed. 

The Bitstream Vera Sans Mono fonts are also included in the repo.
http://www-old.gnome.org/fonts/
http://ftp.gnome.org/pub/GNOME/sources/ttf-bitstream-vera/1.10/
http://www.58bits.com/blog/2011/03/15/a-beautiful-developer%E2%80%99s-font/

You'll need to update your .gvimrc accordingly if you choose not to use Vera Sans Mono.

My ultimate Vim color theme, daring-dark.vim is now vim and gvim matched.
https://github.com/58bits/dotfiles/blob/master/vim/colors/daring-dark.vim
Note: Use iTerm, or MacVim under Mac OS X. The default Terminal.app is crippled.

Also contains my cleaned-up Vim config and plugins.

Enjoy.
